Updates to the error payloads and descriptions (#1387)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/api/v2/api-docs-mdx/errors/generic.mdx

  <Code lang="json">{`{
  "error": {
    "code": "rate_limited",

>     "message": "The rate limit of 6 exceeded for `api-www-user-update-username`. Try again in 7 days",

Reviewer: There's an error here since it breaks the template literal string. Maybe we can substitute it since it might not make much of a difference here?
```suggestion
    "message": "The rate limit of 6 exceeded for 'api-www-user-update-username'. Try again in 7 days",
```

Author: Good catch 👍 Hard to see in the GitHub browser editor 😂
